# techrantofrants
The awesome of rants in tech repo.

## TL;DR

This is the awesome collection of rants in tech. 

### What?

Do you have a rant to share? Do you feel overwhelmed, frustrated, did you wrote 
a rant post or do you think to write one, etc, etc, etc, (ok, you do not need 
to let people know if you do not want, will remain among us)?

> Every rant is matters!

Make your valuable contribution to this project (see following sections).

## Synopsis

The techrantofrants project wish to be a non pedantic but serious attempt to 
check moods in the tech landscape. A sort of thermometer for rant moods.

As community, we assume that the relationship between human beings is set on 
the maturity needed to be capable of separating the various aspects of daily 
life and other constructive foundations, manage pressure, etc but this is not 
“always” the case. We all have a breaking point, and some event can make us 
lose patience, with all the consequences.

We believe that they are not only examples of rudeness or momentary loss of 
balance. In the moment in time when we need help, we are generally less likely 
inclined to ask for it. Even worse, if possible, in case of extreme rants, no 
one has the ability or the will to offer help.

To achieve a sufficient state of “maturity” is a process, a process of processes, 
every single one demanding time and effort. We still think (and / or try at 
least to understand) that can be pretty overwhelming in determinate situations 
to cope with all the nuances: there can be social, familiar, whatsoever kind of 
pressure, until one thing leads to another. 

When a rant is gone, is gone also the opportunity to really make progress. 
I can be wrong, but some shields provided by the community are understandable 
from an emotional side, not-so-constructive pressure.

## Motivation

The goal of the project is not only collect a history of rants, but 
contrariwise delve into the causes and origins of the frustrations and 
overwhelming feelings that are raised often, in order to make possible for the 
community to assess the causes and eventually reach a compromise that can 
relieve the discomfort of the part of those (and beyond) that generate these appeals.

## Contributors

Please read about [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
Also, [please read the code of conduct before participating.](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Basilcally fork & clone this repo, branch your rant feature, ok, go to read the
[contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## License
[License](./LICENSE)